.\" Man page for the Wapiti project.
.TH wapiti 1 http://wapiti.sourceforge.net/ "SVN Version" http://wapiti.sourceforge.net/
.SH NAME
Wapiti \- A web application vulnerability scanner in Python.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B wapiti
ROOT_URL [OPTIONS]
.SH DESCRIPTION
Wapiti allows you to audit the security of your web applications.
.br
It performs "black-box" scans, i.e. it does not study the source code
of the application but will scans the webpages of the deployed
webapp, looking for scripts and forms where it can inject data.
.br
Once it gets this list, Wapiti acts like a fuzzer, injecting payloads
to see if a script is vulnerable.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
\fB\-s\fR, \fB\-\-start\fR=\fIURL\fR
To specify an url to start with.
.TP
\fB\-x\fR, \fB\-\-exclude\fR=\fIURL\fR
To exclude an url from the scan (for example logout scripts).
You can also use a wildcard (*)                             
.br
Example :
.RS
.RS
\-x "http://server/base/?page=*&module=test"       
.RE
.br
or
.br
.RS
\-x http://server/base/admin/* to exclude a directory
.RE
.RE
.TP
\fB\-b\fR, \fB\-\-scope\fR=\fISCOPE\fR
Set the scope of the scan:
.br
.RS
.RS
page :  to analyse only the page passed in the URL
.br
folder : to analyse all the links to the pages which are in the
same folder as the URL passed to Wapiti.
.br
domain : to analyse all the links to the pages which are in the
same domain as the URL passed to Wapiti.
.RE
If no scope is set, Wapiti scans all the tree under the given URL.
.RE
.TP
\fB\-p\fR, \fB\-\-proxy\fR=\fIPROXY_URL\fR
To specify a proxy.
.br
Example:
.br
.RS
.RS
\-p http://proxy:port/
.br
\-p socks://proxy:port/
.RE
.RE
.TP
\fB\-c\fR, \fB\-\-cookie\fR=\fICOOKIE\fR
To import session cookies from the COOKIE file.
.TP
\fB\-t\fR, \fB\-\-timeout\fR=\fITIMEOUT\fR
Set the timeout to TIMEOUT (in seconds).
.TP
\fB\-a\fR, \fB\-\-auth\fR=\fILOGIN%PASSWORD\fR
Set credentials for HTTP authentication ('%' is used as a separator).
.TP
\fB\-r\fR, \fB\-\-remove\fR=\fIPARAM\fR
Automatically remove the parameter PARAM from the urls.
.TP
\fB\-n\fR, \fB\-\-nice\fR=\fILIMIT\fR
Define a limit of urls to read with the same pattern.
.br
Use this option to prevent endless loops. Must be greater than 0.
.TP
\fB\-m\fR, \fB\-\-module\fR=\fIMODULE_OPTIONS\fR
Set the modules and HTTP methods to use for attacks.
.br
Example:
.br
.RS
.RS
-m "-all,xss:get,exec:post"
.RE
.RE
.TP
\fB\-i\fR, \fB\-\-continue\fR=\fIFILE\fR
This parameter indicates Wapiti to continue with the scan from the 
specified file, this file should contain data from a previous scan.
The file is optional, if it is not specified, Wapiti takes the default 
filefrom "scans" folder.
.TP
\fB\-k\fR, \fB\-\-attack\fR=\fIFILE\fR
This parameter indicates Wapiti to perform attacks without scanning again
the website and following the data of this file.
The file is optional, if it is not specified, Wapiti takes the default
file from "scans" folder.
.TP
\fB\-u\fR, \fB\-\-underline\fR
Use color to highlight vulnerables parameters in output.
.TP
\fB\-v\fR, \fB\-\-verbose\fR=\fILEVEL\fR
Set the verbosity level to LEVEL.
.br
0: quiet (default), 1: print each url, 2: print every attack.
.TP
\fB\-f\fR, \fB\-\-reportType\fR=\fITYPE\fR
Set the type of the report to TYPE (values are xml, txt, html).
.TP
\fB\-o\fR, \fB\-\-output\fR=\fIFILE\fR
Write the report to FILE.
.br
If the selected report type is "html", this parameter must be a directory.
.TP
\fB\-h\fR, \fB\-\-help\fR
To print this usage message.
.SH LICENCE
.B wapiti
is covered by the GNU General Public License (GPL), version 2.
.br
Please read the COPYING file for more information. 
.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright (c) 2006 Nicolas Surribas.
.SH AUTHORS
Nicolas Surribas
.br
David del Pozo
.br
Alberto Pastor
.SH BUG REPORTS
If you find a bug in Wapiti please report it to http://sourceforge.net/tracker/?group_id=168625
.SH SEE ALSO
The README file that comes with Wapiti gives more detailed informations on the options.
.\" Vim for teh win!
